listen almost none of you know this but
um I in really celebrate Christmas
growing up I was with those group of
kids watching VeggieTales in the back
room like way behind the custodians
closet while all of my classmates were
eating themselves into a sugar coma so
whenever I saw the movie The Grinch as a
kid I thought the homie was a hero of
course now that I'm older you know now
that I've fully come into my own I
realized that he is in fact still the
hero not only was he a savage making the
merry booty believe it - Suze to make a
kids book reflecting on consumerism and
and what's really important on creating
this timeless tale that every generation
can look back on and learn something
from so what better way to highlight the
children's book that criticize the
commercialization of Christmas than by
commercializing it let me explain so
we're gonna talk about Christmas movies
that get recycled and have hints of
savagery I gotta mention the Nutcracker
real quick I know some of you are
diligently observing your nut diet this
November so I have a spoiler warning
right here if you don't care you know
just skip ahead but I know that there
have been some of you who have been
wanting a quick ellamy on it obviously I
listen so let me slip in the nut real
quick in here it's practically a Russian
Toy Story gone wrong this thing has been
made multiple times so I'm pretty sure
it's all a similar story there's these
three siblings who lost their mother the
dads it's like not paying attention to
any of them but their mom was an
inventor and the middle child wants to
follow in her footsteps
so when Christmas comes around and
they're all given gifts by Morgan
Freeman she follows her fishing line
into another dimension of realms that
her mother breathed life into
obviously the whole place looks like
hell since the mother died and hasn't
been there so this girl decides to take
the mantle and this mantle Helen Mirren
before realizing that she was getting
duped now look I like these type of
movies I think they're visually
appealing
I like the worlds they create so much so
that you know even though I ran out of
my AMC check ins for the week I paid for
my own tickets out of pocket for this
bad boy in Dobby so believe me when I
tell you that they busted it with this
one I don't know if it was because they
switch directors like halfway through
making this movie if the studio just
didn't have any promises for it but
everything that could have been really
cool came out super dull like yeah the
set designs were great
y'all all give props when the props are
done well but the world-building fell
flat here nightly supposed to be the
Sugar Plum Fairy but
girl look like she was high off
something else so when the reveal
happens that she's actually the bad guy
cuz she's super upset her creator left
her I was cool but I wish you would have
seen that imagine seeing Woody's journey
about being a depressed toy but they cut
out all this evil Andy nah obviously the
girl realizes that the gift was inside
of her all along as she saves the realms
and then we get the most savage scene
with them all right at the end when
Morgan Freeman reminds Clara that her
mother's greatest creation of all time
was in fact her and the other two
siblings are just staying around like yo
what this is the real G not only will
his books always be timeless but my man
is still inspiring the artists of today
[Music]
when it comes to the remakes of these
two you know I don't think that they're
the worst out there I know some people
look down on the Jim Carrey version and
if you have a letterbox account you're
supposed to hate everything illumination
does be like y'all also eat my doubles
you know it's okay to enjoy the fast
food of cinema sometimes I know they
ain't great you know they're not better
than the classics the the 3d and the new
one was so it was so bad it looked like
it was a mr. Krabs mean but just like I
can enjoy a McDouble every once in a
while I can enjoy the Grinch's
shenanigans is my sub-zero Jill a Brett
are running like the Grinch has been
crazy dude was giving saws to little
kids he was straight stealing things
from kids dreams he was gonna let Cindy
Lou who died this man was really in
there what's wild to me is that he's
actually a member of society you know I
always thought that he was like a wild
Yeti Savage that nobody wanted to talk
to but he in fact attended the school
system in Whoville he has own mailbox so
when you consider that Whoville is like
Naperville Illinois you know they had a
who foods every was wearing unique low
jackets
no wonder they're all dipping on him now
I think both of these offer something
different right the live-action version
has a little bit more backstory on the
Grinch you know how he had a crush when
he was a kid but the bully who ends up
becoming the mayor kind of drives him
away while the animation has a way
better story for cindy-lou who instead
of just wanting presents she wants her
single mother to stop working so hard
both of them have a grouchy Grinch he's
got that penny proud closet where it's
just the same outfit ten times he's also
like those girls who he he's like those
girls who were the skin colored yoga
pants so they looked naked y'all know
what I'm talking about and he's out here
knocking the hell out of kids before
going to listen to Brock Hampton we're
watching the 2000 version I was
surprised how many innuendos there were
like ron howard went harder with the
Grinch than he did with solo he looks
just like your boss it definitely has
the better narrator you know it has more
random shots that make me laugh for no
reason whatsoever but damn was I
traumatized with the who villians like
as animations they look fine right
they're these like cute little bear
human hybrids but when you see them in
live-action they just look like those
scary real-life renders that artists do
they had them all looking like that lady
from Mamma Mia with the plucked up nose
you know the one who played the evil
stepmother in that one movie guess who
just so happens to be in this movie with
no prosthetics that said little
cindy-lou who in the live-action movie
was adorable I don't know if you all
have seen what she looks like now but
this girl this girl is a damn ninja
perhaps do need to be given some accents
you know that's the dog right there like
in the new one Grinch goes out to read
deader reindeer only to find out that he
had an entire family that you left
behind so not only is little old max
playing mr. mom throughout the entire
movie but when it comes to him having to
halt this entire sled on his own my dog
pulls all whiplash after all four
versions there's one thing that I still
don't understand and that's him going to
rob Whoville with a Santa suit on if the
whole point was to not be seen it's like
when Drake says and then he wears one
throughout his entire tour like yeah it
helped him dupe cindy-lou but come on
obviously everyone knows the ending
where the Houdini's people come out and
instead of filing a police report for
everything that's been jacked from them
they just start singing like can you
imagine getting robbed and then bursting
into a chorus of course I appreciate my
mama but you know I'm not letting you
robber Honda Odyssey though that's when
the Grinch pulls his iconic scene of
having his heart grow three times as big
when he realizes that these people
aren't as bad as they seem to be and
it's wrong for him to be a savage to
them he sees what truly matters is
having someone to love someone who will
stand by you through tribulations and he
stops isolating himself up at the
mountains as he realizes the importance
of building a community you know until
until he realizes he needs to pay taxes
I think you guys checking out this video
I'm curious to know your thoughts down
below in the comment section what's your
favorite Christmas movie I feel like a
lot of people are always going to say
the the Nightmare Before Christmas
you'll always get that dude bro who says
oh the best Christmas movie is die hard
now please listen very carefully die
hard is not a Christmas movie
it's a goddamn Bruce Willis movie but
I'm curious to know what your favorite
one is did you like the new Grinch did
it stand out to you definitely let me
know your thoughts about that I know
that a lot of people want to hate
illumination I'm not saying that too
good in any way shape or form I know
someone's gonna look at this video and
be like ah I knew it LME he's related to
the minions and that's it you know
they're distant cousins but you know I
can see the potential that they have in
them even if they've been over marketed
in oversaturated Kherson are your
thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to go check out AMC
drawings leave her comments on Instagram
tell her I know quote her a line from
the Grinch and and and I'll see what she
says about that don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and I'll send you
some who hash